RD-4376 Update blueprint tile (#2137)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/console/widgets/blueprints.md

## Settings

* `Refresh time interval` - The time interval in which the widget’s data will be refreshed, in seconds. Default: 10 seconds

> * `List of fields to show` - The fileds that presented in the table and the catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `List of fields to show` - The fields that are presented in the blueprints list. Default: Created, Updated, Creator, State, Deployments
```

Author: I think that the default are: Creator, State, Deployments.
When I click on "Reset Templates" those 3 fields are shown. And the task itself is to limit to those three.

Author: I changed to:
```
* `List of fields to show` - The fields that are presented in the blueprints list. Default: Creator, State, Deployments.
```
[30a079d](https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org/pull/2137/commits/30a079d7a8a627f00e03aeabbd4bb65a66e1079d)

Is it okay?

Reviewer: No, you are talking about default for Blueprints page. And here we are talking about default for Blueprints widget.

Author: I updated it: [cc9bc7b](https://github.com/cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org/pull/2137/commits/cc9bc7b449fea83173573a2639d78e27decfdc59)
